_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

{% if site.google_scholar_stats_use_cdn %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/" | append: site.repository | append: "@" %}
{% else %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/" | append: site.repository | append: "/" %}
{% endif %}
{% assign url = gsDataBaseUrl | append: "google-scholar-stats/gs_data_shieldsio.json" %}

<span class='anchor' id='about-me'></span>

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. Suspendisse condimentum, libero vel tempus mattis, risus risus vulputate libero, elementum fermentum mi neque vel nisl. Maecenas facilisis maximus dignissim. Curabitur mattis vulputate dui, tincidunt varius libero luctus eu. Mauris mauris nulla, scelerisque eget massa id, tincidunt congue felis. Sed convallis tempor ipsum rhoncus viverra. Pellentesque nulla orci, accumsan volutpat fringilla vitae, maximus sit amet tortor. Aliquam ultricies odio ut volutpat scelerisque. Donec nisl nisl, porttitor vitae pharetra quis, fringilla sed mi. Fusce pretium dolor ut aliquam consequat. Cras volutpat, tellus accumsan mattis molestie, nisl lacus tempus massa, nec malesuada tortor leo vel quam. Aliquam vel ex consectetur, vehicula leo nec, efficitur eros. Donec convallis non urna quis feugiat.

My research interest includes neural machine translation and computer vision. I have published more than 100 papers at the top international AI conferences with total <a href='https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=DhtAFkwAAAAJ'>google scholar citations <strong><span id='total_cit'>260000+</span></strong></a> (You can also use google scholar badge <a href='https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=DhtAFkwAAAAJ'><img src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url={{ url | url_encode }}&logo=Google%20Scholar&labelColor=f6f6f6&color=9cf&style=flat&label=citations"></a>).


# 🔥 News
- *2022.02*: &nbsp;🎉🎉 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2022.02*: &nbsp;🎉🎉 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 

# 📝 Publications 

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">CVPR 2017</div><img src='images/500x300.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

[Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition](https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2016/papers/He_Deep_Residual_Learning_CVPR_2016_paper.pdf)

**Kaiming He**, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren, Jian Sun

[**Project**](https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=zh-CN&user=DhtAFkwAAAAJ&citation_for_view=DhtAFkwAAAAJ:ALROH1vI_8AC) <strong><span class='show_paper_citations' data='DhtAFkwAAAAJ:ALROH1vI_8AC'></span></strong>
- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
</div>
</div>

- [Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet](https://github.com), A, B, C, **CVPR 2020**

# 🎖 Honors and Awards
- *2021.10* Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2021.09* Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 

# 📖 Educations
- *2019.06 - 2022.04 (now)*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2015.09 - 2019.06*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 

# 💬 Invited Talks
- *2021.06*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2021.03*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet.  \| [\[video\]](https://github.com/)

# 💻 Internships
- *2019.05 - 2020.02*, [Lorem](https://github.com/), China.

Commit message:

Completed filling in the basic information of the website

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

{% if site.google_scholar_stats_use_cdn %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/" | append: site.repository | append: "@" %}
{% else %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/" | append: site.repository | append: "/" %}
{% endif %}
{% assign url = gsDataBaseUrl | append: "google-scholar-stats/gs_data_shieldsio.json" %}

<span class='anchor' id='about-me'></span>

I am a student in Huazhong <a href='https://english.hust.edu.cn/'>University of Science and Technology.</a> I am now exchanging in <a href='https://www.wisc.edu/'>UW-Madison</a>.I am broadly interested in Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing and Medical Image Processing.

My research focus on Medical Image Processing and Large Language Model for biomedical. For more publication information, please visit my <a href='https://openreview.net/profile?id=~Yangrui_Gong1'>openreview profile</a>.

Here is my [CV.](/assets/files/Yangrui_Gong_Research.pdf)


# 🔥 News
- *2025.01*: &nbsp;🎉🎉 Landed in Madison and embarked on a semester-long exchange program.
<!-- - *2022.02*: &nbsp;🎉🎉 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet.  -->

# 📝 Publications 

<!-- <div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">CVPR 2017</div><img src='images/500x300.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

[Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition](https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2016/papers/He_Deep_Residual_Learning_CVPR_2016_paper.pdf)

**Kaiming He**, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren, Jian Sun

[**Project**](https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=zh-CN&user=DhtAFkwAAAAJ&citation_for_view=DhtAFkwAAAAJ:ALROH1vI_8AC) <strong><span class='show_paper_citations' data='DhtAFkwAAAAJ:ALROH1vI_8AC'></span></strong>
- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
</div>
</div> -->
<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">ACM MM 2024</div><img src='images/publication of MSA.jpg' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

[Masked Snake Attention for Fundus Image Restoration with Vessel Preservation](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3664647.3680722)

Xiaohuan Ding, **Gong Yangrui**, Tianyi Shi, Zihang Huang, Gangwei Xu, Xin Yang
</div>
</div>

- Peng Xia, Ze Chen, Juanxi Tian, **Yangrui Gong**, Ruibo Hou, Yue Xu, Zhenbang Wu, Zhiyuan Fan, Yiyang Zhou, Kangyu Zhu, Wenhao Zheng, Zhaoyang Wang, Xiao Wang, Xuchao Zhang, Chetan Bansal, Marc Niethammer, Junzhou Huang, Hongtu Zhu, Yun Li, Jimeng Sun, Zongyuan Ge, Gang Li, James Zou, Huaxiu Yao, [CARES: A Comprehensive Benchmark of Trustworthiness in Medical Vision Language Models](https://cares-ai.github.io/), in Proceeding of the Thirty-Eighth Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems Track on  Datasets & Benchmarks (**NeurIPS 2024**), Vancouver, Canada, Dec 2024.

# 🎖 Honors and Awards
- *2023.12* **Won the championship** in The 1st Hubei Provincial Rugby Championship. 
- *2024.12* **Won the championship** in The 2nd Hubei Provincial Rugby Championship. 

# 📖 Educations
- *2025.01 - 2025.05 (expected)*, University of Wisconsin–Madison (Madison, WI, USA), Visiting Student. 
- *2022.09 - 2026.06 (expected)*, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, B.E. in Electronic and Information Engineering. 
- *2019.09 - 2022.06*, [The No.1 Middle School Affiliated To Central China Normal University](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No.1_Middle_School_Affiliated_to_Central_China_Normal_University). 

<!-- # 💬 Invited Talks
- *2021.06*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet. 
- *2021.03*, Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus ornare aliquet ipsum, ac tempus justo dapibus sit amet.  \| [\[video\]](https://github.com/) -->

# 💻 Internships
- *2023.09 - 2024.06*, [Xin Yang](https://sites.google.com/view/xinyang/home)'s lab, Wuhan, China.
- *2024.06 - 2024.08*, [Huaxiu Yao](https://www.huaxiuyao.io/)'s lab. (Remote) Thanks for [Peng Xia](https://richard-peng-xia.github.io/)'s guidance.
